[Autogenerated] hi there.
And welcome to this next module in the course about machine learning on AWS.
I'm Amber is real JSON just to recap where we are in the big picture.
Last time we went over the mechanics of the course and how to get things
set up to follow along with the demos in this module,
we're going to start digging into concepts a little bit more.
We'll start by getting some terminology out of the
way for artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning.
Well, then take a closer look at machine learning and deep learning.
And finally, we'll get into some use cases for M L.
When does it make sense?
And when doesn't it make sense?
Let's start with this if you don't already know,
artificial intelligence,
machine learning and deep learning are not the same thing.
I hear and see them used interchangeably a lot,
but that's not quite right, but they're definitely related.
Let's start with artificial intelligence.
AI has actually been around for a long time since the 19 fifties,
and it's sort of an overarching term.
That means that we're enabling computers to mimic human behavior,
an image that might come to mind his computer
playing chess against a human machine.
Learning is a subset of AI,
and we'll build out a more complete definition of that in a little bit.
But at its core, algorithms learn and improve performance over time.
By using data, you pass a bunch of data about what credit card fraud looks like.
For instance,
the computer learns it and then can do predict if new
incoming transactions might be fraudulent.
Deep learning is a subset of ML, and here we're talking about neural networks,
which you can kind of think of as an artificial
representation of how the human brain works.
You might have heard of convolution, URL,
neural networks, CNN's or recurrent neural networks are en ends,
and you'll find this kind of deep learning in all
kinds of the built in AWS services. Things like speech recognition, computer vision, recommendation engines and more